That's not right.
Although you are in contact again. Otherwise, how would you know his situation?
I swear, there really isn't.
Or you are secretly paying attention to him.
Good but things.
Don't criticize anyone behind your back.
The old sow wears a bra,
One set after another. Xiaobao,
What you call a phone call is usually someone else's. Why do you still have one set of them?
Don't even talk about a topic.
Although it is smart for us to get married.
At that time, I wanted you to do whatever you wanted for the rest of your life.
I also really want to spend the rest of my life with you.
When I called today
I heard Xu Yun's voice
Have you remembered?
It seems that there was such a sound
I heard when he bullied you
The hair on my head is standing on end
I hate your phone
He got angry in the past
How could it be possible to get to the bottom of things with him?
Besides, I don’t even have a job now.
in this world
This means you don’t dislike me